{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 //* Clock App Recipe * //\
\
Description: This clock app recipe tells the time in big numbers. Hour, minutes and seconds. It has an\
Alarm functionality, stopwatch and timer. \
\
\ul Ingredients: \ulnone \
\
* A \'93currentTime\'94 variable that holds the current time.\
* An \'93alarmTime\'94 variable that holds a wake up time selected by the user.\
* A \'93stopWatch\'94 variable that starts counting time from zero until til the user tells it to stop. Then it holds \
	the value at which the user pressed \'93stop\'94\
* A \'93timerStart\'94 variable the holds an amount of time the user wants to countdown from, to zero.\
\
\
\ul Directions:\
\
For the clock functionality:\ulnone \
\
1 - Show currentTime value on screen, at all times. \
\
\ul For the alarm functionality:\ulnone \
\
1 - Get input from user for a time at which they want the alarm to go off. Hold that input in \'93alarmTime\'94 variable.\
2 - Whenever currentTime equals alarmTime, print \'93Good morning sunshine!\'94 on the screen and beep. \
\
\ul For the stopwatch functionality:\ulnone \
\
1 - Set the stopWatch variable to zero hours, zero minutes, zero seconds.\
2 - When the user presses a \'93start\'94 button, start counting up. Hold this value in the stopWatch variable.\
3 - When the user presses \'93stop\'94 button, stop counting and display the value inside stopWatch.\
4 - Reset stopWatch value to zero so it can be used again. \
\
\ul For the timer functionality:\ulnone \
\
1 - Get input from user for a time at which they want to start the countdown from. Save that value in the \'93timerStart\'94 variable.\
2 - When the user presses \'93Start Timer\'94 button, start counting down towards zero.\
3 - When timerStart equals zero hours, minutes and seconds, stop counting down and start beeping / print \'93Timer is done!\'94\
\
}